it does not matter a pepper
we remembered on the other hand soto respected
behind Spain because we learn from this before
The first thing we do is spoil the leeks
p
but the trickle of extra virgin olive oil
A pinch of salt
image
we want a new accident the cousins
and will be in the oven another 100 degrees for a couple of hours
p
once there
this is removed
and we are left with the broth that we reserve
p
draft
dick
camps on the other hand we will be stronger
this time the foster is half brother and other boxes vick camps of interest to
that are well roasted
jorge verástegui table but a powder that give the smoked touch or very
curious
years
efe
m
do not
dick
about
i
they are crushed
the tennis players and reserves the volvo of the port
camps
On the other hand, he mentioned that the peoples that we are going
p is more whitish
efe efe
Hector
we cut them into pieces of about an inch
said agreement provides that the draft state
ect
i
and maybe we put a smell to accept the charge
as a country we have the meat of the Norway lobster very clean if we mark it with a
squirt of olive oil a few seconds nothing more
Spain
efe
if we can already mount the plate
dick
about
we want
a very thin julienne also of leek
p
we have the power of the giralda
the trinity nacinal police
p
a pinch the African
the salt flakes
draft
a little bit of olive oil
dick
the finished to decorate and already on the table
the broth is added
this is not interesting but not from gea liked a hug until then oct